com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$drawable: int twofortyfouram_locale_ic_menu_dontsave
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$drawable: int twofortyfouram_locale_ic_menu_help
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$drawable: int twofortyfouram_locale_ic_menu_save
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$id: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_dontsave
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$id: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_help
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$id: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_save
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$integer: int twofortyfouram_locale_maximum_blurb_length
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$menu: int twofortyfouram_locale_help_save_dontsave
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_breadcrumb_format
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_breadcrumb_separator
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_dontsave
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_help
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_save
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$style: int MotorolaListViewHackStyle
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$style: int Theme_Locale_Dark
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$style: int Theme_Locale_Dialog
com.twofortyfouram.locale.api.R$style: int Theme_Locale_Light
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.PluginApplication
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.PluginApplication: PluginApplication()
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$drawable: int ic_locale_plugin
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$drawable: int twofortyfouram_locale_ic_menu_dontsave
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$drawable: int twofortyfouram_locale_ic_menu_help
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$drawable: int twofortyfouram_locale_ic_menu_save
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$id: int SelectFile
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$id: int text1
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$id: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_dontsave
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$id: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_help
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$id: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_save
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$integer: int twofortyfouram_locale_maximum_blurb_length
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$integer: int versionCode
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$layout: int activity_run
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$layout: int main
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$menu: int twofortyfouram_locale_help_save_dontsave
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int app_name
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int message_hint
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int plugin_name
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int selectfile
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_breadcrumb_format
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_breadcrumb_separator
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_dontsave
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_help
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int twofortyfouram_locale_menu_save
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$string: int versionName
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$style: int MotorolaListViewHackStyle
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$style: int Theme_Locale_Dark
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$style: int Theme_Locale_Dialog
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.R$style: int Theme_Locale_Light
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.receiver.CallQpythonActivity
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.receiver.CallQpythonActivity: CallQpythonActivity()
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.receiver.FireReceiver
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.receiver.FireReceiver: FireReceiver()
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.receiver.MyIntentService
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.receiver.MyIntentService: MyIntentService()
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.receiver.MyReceiver
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.receiver.MyReceiver: MyReceiver()
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.ui.AbstractPluginActivity: AbstractPluginActivity()
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.ui.EditActivity
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.ui.EditActivity: EditActivity()
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.ui.InfoActivity
com.yourcompany.yoursetting.ui.InfoActivity: InfoActivity()
